
Bhai she's so good yaar...kabhi kbhi lagta ki I don't even deserve girl like her .... Usko thodi sa pressure hai but she's so good yaar...like I lovee her soo muchhh soo sooo sooo much...Bhai I'm not even kidding she's an angel for me ...Mai itna depressed rhta tha but bhai jb se wo milli hai she made me feel ki bc depression ye sb kuch na hota MKC uski .... That's how much she. Is good .... Bhai idk she's better than my ex ... she's better than the friends I've got ...I love her so much....wo kitna pyaar krti mere se humesha haar text ka reply krti ...when I feel low mai nhi batata use tb bhi wo mere mood ko apne app theek kr deti even tho usko kuch na pata....I always try to make her happy.... Bhai she's Christian but still I literally wanna marry her... bichari she got some issues with her life but still wo mujhe humesha aacha feel krwati....I literally wanna marry her even tho whole fuckin society will be against it I still want her I want her to be my bride like I want to marry her so badly...I want to be with her always...like I miss her so much bcz she's so far away...I want to go to her...live with her .... It feels so lonely when she's not talking w me ....I want her to be with me....I want to wake up and see her next to me....this is how badly I want her.... whenever my day goes bad mai bs usko imagine krta...Mai uske chats padhta and it really makes me so happy yaar literally she's the one girl whom I'm loving him so badly and I want to love her this way untill I die ....she's so far bhaii I want to meet her...meet her and hug her so badly ...I never wanna let her go .... I want her to hug me and pamper me like I'm a kid ..even tho she's is the smaller one I feel like I'm a kid when I talk to her I do some crazy shit when I talk to her...she makes me feel so comfortable she makes me feel like I'm home or smth yk.....I love her yaar I want her to marry me only me ... Sometimes I get jealous of the people who are with her ... I want her with me na. .. I want her to be in my arms always I want that we marry each other and have a kid... we'll love him so much ...and he/she will be the cutest kid in the whole fucking bloodline she's that cute ..... I literally miss her so much rn ..... She has got some personal issues she never shares with me but I really want to know why and what happened to her like yk .... I want her to feel like I can help her ..I really try my so best to make her feel comfortable yaar...I don't want to loose her .. sometimes it feels like am I enough for her...bcz there are so much better guys who are better than me in every other way... sometimes I get scared what if she leaves me bcz I ain't that good...I had an ex I sometimes cry bcz I ain't that good for her I try my best but she doesn't feel comfortable....yaar she's so good I'm afraid if some other guy who's better looking than me or better behaving than me can get her bcz I'm a shit bagg ..... she's my guiding angel, illuminating my path with her presence bhai ...... I'll cherish every moment of her of how I was with her and how our journey began as I strive to make her mine...... But if sometimes things might get hard we might get bored or sometimes we might fight over something very silly but , still I want her to stay by my side tell me what's wrong we'll improve everything that was going wrong between us I don't ever want her to leave me leave a shitbag like me , because without her , my world loses its purpose and light.......I want to lean on her  for strength, and together, we'll try and  conquer any storm that dares to test our love.....I literally WANNNA maary her I want to see her in that bride's dress as she comes towards me brooooo .... I love her so much soo so much if I try writing everything I'll hit the limit of this notes but my words won't end this is how badly I love her and how badly I want her to be with me not with someone how is not good ....I saw his ex he looked better than I did....she said that the guy hits gym he got good back ...I feel like how could've someone leave this angel she's so good ....he looked handsome he hits the gym but I don't ...idk if I'm better than him yaar....I literally got so sad on the fact that the guy who left her was so better...what if he gets pumped and come backs to her .... Ik she won't leave me but there might be some chance bcz she didn't know me at first but she knew that guy and he was her crush ....what if that guy convinces her to go to her what'll happen to me I don't even imagine that thing but I'm so far so far I can't see her daily what if he convince her ..and she leaves me or smth because he's better than me .... I'm literally on the way to cry but ..idk I still want her to be with me ...and I'll convince my parents to marry her ...even if they don't I'll still marry her or I'll just be single for my whole fucking life ..I just want her yaarrr....I want her so badly....as soon as my college ends I'll shift in Maharashtra kaise bhi kr ke krunga but krunga yaar....I jus want her ... I miss her so much I'm so fuking jealous with her family and frnds bcz they can meet her daily and I can't....I have to plan and then go there but they don't have to go thru that shit..... sometimes she feels like I'm cheating on her it's alr to think that way ...but I didn't got on any other gurl who's so good as her....before her I used to play games all the day even tho I had frnds .... But from the day I got her I try my so best to talk to her....I usually ignore every other gurl idk why but meko ladkiyo me trust nhi ata but she made me feel like I can trust on gurls.....she soo Good she made me feel like I can be loved by someone I can also have a love life....this is how good she is .... Mai humesha 1 week ke andar ladkiyo se intrest loose krta but she...Bhai Aaj tk kitna bhi baat ho us se I feel like ye bohot km hai meko aur attention chahiye us se .....Bhai she thinks that she is not beautiful but she is so much like idk I can't even explain....and she's so good at her heart....yk mai usko dekha bhi nhi tha starting me but still I fell for her ...even tho maine usko dekh nhi rkha tha idk kaise but bhai usko behaviour itna pyara hai itna pyara hai yaar....she's so good andar se bhi aur bahar se toh bhai she's such a cutie I love her yaar I love her so much I don't want her to leave me I jus want her to be here with me till the day I die.....even before dying I don't want her to cry I jus want that she says to me thank you amar and kisses me on my forehead and grabs me within her arm and says don't worry amar you did great in your life.... I'll die happily in her arms and....my life will be successful I'll think that I have won in my life....and in the next life too I want her to be my bride in the next life too it's an selfish request but I want her in my other life too like I don't want to be loved by someone other than her .... she's the she has only got the permission to love me not any other gurl not an single one except my family.....like I want her yaar In this life and upcoming every life .... I just want her so badly yaar... I LOVE YOU MY ANGELLL I'LL LOVE IN EVERY LIFE AND I WANT TO BE MY WIFE IN EVERY OTHER LIFE I GET....I WANT YOU TO BE THE ONE WHO MAKES ME FEEL LOVED AND YOU ARE THE ONE WHO MAKES ME LOVED....SHES SLEEPING RN BUT I'M CARVING FOR HER MSG SO MUCH YAARRR.....like yk wo kbhi kbhi roti hai it's okay ki wo roye but yaar meko bilkul bhi acha nhi lagta ki SOMEONE so sweet like her gets hurt and cries....like she's so sweet bhai I want her yaar I want her so badly...jb bhi wo roti hai na meko lagta hai ki bc itna chutiya kaise hai tu kaise rone de rha hai usko....it makes me doubt ki bhai am I even making her happy .... Am I enough for that girl ...do I really make her happy....Bhai I don't want her to cry ever ever but I can't help her.... whenever she cries I feel I like I should've been there for her....I would hug her in my arms and I would pamper her....I wouldn't let her go I would grab her in my arms forever yaar.....meko wo chahiye bhai I want her so badly she's my sweet yashuu....I want her to marry me not an other guy who is better than me not in this life and not in any other one....
